
laboratory:
blood-glucose-2.0.json	OmhBloodGlucose	Observation Profile	2339-0 Glucose [Mass/â€‹volume] in Blood

physical activity:
step-count-2.0.json	OmhStepCount	Observation Profile	55423-8 Number of steps in unspecified time Pedometer
calories-burned-2.0.json	OmhCaloriesBurned	Observation Profile	41981-2 Calories burned
geoposition-1.0.json	OmhGeoposition	Location Profile	 
minutes-moderate-activity-1.0.json	OmhMinutesModerateActivity	Observation Profile	408581006 Physical activity target moderate exercise (finding)
pace-1.0.json	OmhPace	Observation Profile	Open mHealth to FHIR code (Pace)
speed-1.0.json	OmhSpeed	Observation Profile	C0678536 NCIT code
orientation-1.0.json	OmhOrientation	Observation Profile	Open mHealth to FHIR code (Gyroscope measurement Panel)


vitals:
body-fat-percentage-1.0.json	OmhBodyFatPercentage	Observation Profile	41982-0 Percentage of body fat Measured 
body-height-1.0.json	OmhBodyHeight	Observation Profile	8302-2 Body height
body-mass-index-2.0.json	OmhBodyMassIndex	Observation Profile	39156-5 Body mass index (BMI) [Ratio]
body-temperature-2.0.json	OmhBodyTemperature	Observation Profile	8310-5 Body temperature
body-weight-1.0.json	OmhBodyWeight	Observation Profile	29463-7 Body weight
heart-rate-1.1.json	OmhHeartRate	Observation Profile	8867-4 Heart rate
respiratory-rate-1.0.json	OmhRespiratoryRate	Observation Profile	9279-1 Respiratory Rate
blood-pressure-2.0.json	OmhBloodPressure	Observation Profile	85354-9 Blood pressure panel with all children optional
diastolic-blood-pressure-1.0.json	OmhDiastolicBloodPressure	Observation Profile	8462-4 Diastolic blood pressure
systolic-blood-pressure-1.0.json	OmhSystolicBloodPressure	Observation Profile	8480-6 Systolic blood pressure
oxygen-saturation-1.0.json	OmhOxygenSaturation	Observation Profile	59408-5 Oxygen saturation in Arterial blood by Pulse oximetry


sleep:
sleep-duration-2.0.json	OmhSleepDuration	Observation Profile	248263006 Duration of sleep (observable entity)


rr-interval-1.0.json	OmhRrInterval	Observation Profile	8637-1 R-R interval by EKG
expiratory-time-1.0.json	OmhExpiratoryTime	Observation Profile	60739-0 Expiration [Time] Respiratory system
inspiratory-time-1.0.json	OmhInspiratoryTime	Observation Profile	60740-8 Inspiration [Time] Respiratory system
minute-volume-1.0.json	OmhMinuteVolume	Observation Profile	20139-2 Volume expired 1 minute
ventilation-cycle-time-1.0.json	OmhVentilationCycleTime	Observation Profile	250818005 Ventilation cycle time (observable entity)
